HEAVY WATER

Chapter 1 Amp!
Chapter 2 The Plague 
Chapter 3 A Tale of 3 Sisters 
Chapter 4 A Tale of 4 Brothers
Chapter 5 StarCity Soldier
Chapter 6 Char’s Domain 
Chapter 7 The Swarm (A Greater Evil Appears From the Shadows)
Chapter 8 Ruination 
Chapter 9 Peaceful DNA 
Chapter 10 The Land of Ashur
Chapter 11 A Village Called Earth 
Chapter 12 Evolution or Eridication 
Chapter 13 A calm winter night 
Chapter 14 Starfall


Synthetics - Named after their creator Cynthia You 
Mechanoids - Ancient Race of Sentient Robots created by a young scientist Sergio Wolfrim the when he found the Star now a young scientist seeks to understand their mysteries. 

Swarm - Galactic Mechanoid Race of evil robots 

Instectoids - The creation of the evil Dr. Formic he killed Cynthia You and stole her technology. He could never perfect her creation but he stole two nearly finished humanoids Cynthia’s Last Inventions who he modified to become Lambda & Epsilon. Formic took the tech and used it to create the insectoids a race of humanoid synthetic insects. With this power he took over the world but did not foresee the existence of the secretive Star City. 

Animatons - In their conflict with the Star City Army the Charred forces captured a Mechanoid Soldier. With this technology Char merges his tech to create the Animatons a race of Synthetic Mechanoid Monsters based on the DNA of animals from Earth. 

The Star City Robots under the leadership of the young robotics inventor Sergio Wolfrim pushed back against the Insectoid Forces 

Synthetics 
Chroma 
Daria 
Prima 
* Theta
Ion - Later in game when enough animals are freed Theta’s healing causes the creation of a new Mechanoid name Ion. 



Amp 
Atlas
Volt 
Valor 
* Epsilon - Formic Synth. Can be purified 

 - Six Secret Synth from the future

Mechanoids 
Firecracker, Cardinal, (M) Magec, (F) Aqalax, Lambda, Octavius, Axe, Saturn, Mercury, Apollo (Brothers), Arpeggio, Rhythm, (F)Melody & Harmony, Helios, Eos, Aruna, (F) Electroyne. (F) Changxi, (F) Henna, (F) Selene, Leonis

Swarm 
Cygnus and Cygni King and Queen of the Swarm Empire

Pursono, Thorn, Radius, Ignition, BRUTUS,, Caliguon, Nero, Pertinax, Grilone, Minerva, Cleaver, Terron, Cinder, Serpent, Gusion, Phenex, Morax, Valac, Gacrux


Chapter 1 Amp!

It is a strange world I live in. 
Surrounded by dust and rain and wind. 

Where my brothers and sisters have ended up in this world I do not know. I just hope that they are safe. I do not know how long I was inactive underneath all the rubble of my mothers grave. 
I do know here assistant Dr. Formic is behind all of this though and when I find him. I am going to……… I….. 

The trauma of watching his mother and creator die replays in Amps head like a broken record. 

He stands up and looks around him. 

The world had changed……. 

Nothing was the same anymore. 


Mission

Defeat all the enemies and find information. 

Discoverables - 
Beam Saber 
Motorcycle Blueprints 
Aria & Valor 

Bosses 
Insectoid Aracnoid Queen and Punishers 
Char Harvester Mech 


Chapter 2 The Plague 

Amp falls to the ground. As he looks out over the world from the towering Insectoid Skyscrapers. 

I have been unconscious for 3 years and Formics Insectoids has taken over the entire planet it seems. 



Mission - Revenge 

Bosses - Insectoid General 
First Encounter with Epsilon and Lambda 

Discoverables 
Jet Blueprint 
Missle Launcher Armor Mod 
Volt and Chroma 

Chapter 3 A Tale of 3 Sisters
    I guess with all children their story truly starts with their mother. Chroma, Daria, Prima and ….. Theta are no exception. Cynthia You was a world famous software developer and computer engineer. Along side of her husband Dario Calone a robotics professor and engineer they worked for decades researching humanoid robotics. Cynthia was a pioneer in sentient AI systems and had secretly been building something much bigger at Lunar Labs. 

Lunar Labs was all ready one of the largest companies on the planet when Darios younger brother Formic Calone …. A pioneer in synthetic organic machines came to work with them at Lunar Labs. 

With their minds combined they created the first Humanoid Amp. A combination of Formic and Darios Synthetic/ Organic Metaloids and Cynthias Self Evolving Virtual Human Mind AI. With their success they worked with AMP to create the next 8 Humanoids. The process took 8 months a month of backbreaking work for each body and mind. 

Secretly Formic was trying to unravel the secrets of Cynthias Virtual Human Mind for himself. No small task. Cynthias work was a thousand years ahead of the rest of humanity, she was a genius. But he managed to gather some basic code from the instinct files that weren’t protected while working. This he combined with a models available from research into the minds of insects. 

It was shortly after this that Formic left Lunar Labs to become the CTO of Vector Enterprises. His friend from MIT Ratio Vector had inherited the company from his recently late father and promised him a fortune to sell him Cynthias Secrets. 






